README.md, before:

Cysboard 
=========
A lightweight system monitor similar to conky but with html and
css for themes

#Usage#
1. Create a theme file called main.html in ~/.config/cysboard/ (There must be a file name 'main.html')
2. Add your html code with any of the listed ids below in html tags for device info.
3. Run cysboard.


##Compiling  
You must have gcc >= 5.6 in order to compile

1. Compile default theme and other resources
	1. cd sources/resources
	2. ./compile.sh once
2. Compile Cysboard
	1. cd build
	2. make


##Examples##
![cysboard_default](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/3809183/21536018/bdfcee36-cd42-11e6-95de-2e8491c49ce5.png)

Use ids like the following 

    </div>
    <div id="content">
	   <!-- os info -->
	    <div .section #osinfo>
	        <div .section-header>SYSTEM</div>
	        <div .section-content>
	        	<div .font-linux .section-content-child .section-image>
	        	</div>
	        	<div .section-content-child>
	        		<p>name: <span #os_name></span></p>
	        		<p>distro: <span #os_distro_name></span></p>
	        		<p>uptime: <span #os_uptime></span></p>
	        	</div>
	        </div>
	    </div>
	    <!-- cpu info -->
	    <div .section #cpuinfo>
	        <div .section-header>CPU</div>
	        <p>model: <span #cpu_name></span></p>
	        <p>vendor: <span #cpu_vendor></span></p>
	        <p>arch: <span #cpu_arch></span></p>
	        <p>usage: <span #cpu_usage></span> %</p>
	    </div>
	    <!-- mem info -->
	    <div .section #meminfo>
	        <div .section-header>RAM</div>
	        <p>free: <span #mem_free></span> KB</p>
	        <p>used: <span #mem_used></span> KB</p>
	    </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
    	<img src="/home/rubiqz/.config/cysboard/crysis_logo.png" />
    </div>

See sources/resources/default.html for a working theme.

##IDs##
A list of currently supported information from sources. Add any of
them as an *id* attribute for a tag in your theme file.

ID             | Info
-------------- | -----------------
cpu_name       |  The CPU's name                                 
cpu_usage      | The total usage of the CPU in percentages      
cpu_arch       | The CPU's architecture                         
cpu_vendor     | The CPU vendor eg. Intel, AMD                  
cpu_num_cores  | The number of physical cores                
mem_free       | The amount of free memory in KB                
mem_used       | The amount of used memory in KB                
mem_swap_total | The amount of swap memory in KB                
mem_total      | The total amount of physical memory available  
os_name        | The name of the OS eg. linux or windows        
os_distro_name | The distribution name (*Linux only*)       
os_uptime      | The total amount of time since last boot 



#####If a 'main.html' file does not exist in the config directory cysboard will start with a default theme.#####

Commit message:

Fix build instructions for qmake
Remove generated makefile
gitignore generated files

README.md, after:

Cysboard 
=========
A lightweight system monitor similar to conky but with html and
css for themes

#Usage#
1. Create a theme file called main.html in ~/.config/cysboard/ (There must be a file name 'main.html')
2. Add your html code with any of the listed ids below in html tags for device info.
3. Run cysboard.


##Compiling  
You must have qmake and gcc >= 5.6 in order to compile

1. Compile default theme and other resources
	1. cd sources/resources
	2. ./compile.sh once
2. Compile Cysboard
	1. cd build
	2. qmake -o Makefile cysboard.pro
	3. make


##Examples##
![cysboard_default](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/3809183/21536018/bdfcee36-cd42-11e6-95de-2e8491c49ce5.png)

Use ids like the following 

    </div>
    <div id="content">
	   <!-- os info -->
	    <div .section #osinfo>
	        <div .section-header>SYSTEM</div>
	        <div .section-content>
	        	<div .font-linux .section-content-child .section-image>
	        	</div>
	        	<div .section-content-child>
	        		<p>name: <span #os_name></span></p>
	        		<p>distro: <span #os_distro_name></span></p>
	        		<p>uptime: <span #os_uptime></span></p>
	        	</div>
	        </div>
	    </div>
	    <!-- cpu info -->
	    <div .section #cpuinfo>
	        <div .section-header>CPU</div>
	        <p>model: <span #cpu_name></span></p>
	        <p>vendor: <span #cpu_vendor></span></p>
	        <p>arch: <span #cpu_arch></span></p>
	        <p>usage: <span #cpu_usage></span> %</p>
	    </div>
	    <!-- mem info -->
	    <div .section #meminfo>
	        <div .section-header>RAM</div>
	        <p>free: <span #mem_free></span> KB</p>
	        <p>used: <span #mem_used></span> KB</p>
	    </div>
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
    	<img src="/home/rubiqz/.config/cysboard/crysis_logo.png" />
    </div>

See sources/resources/default.html for a working theme.

##IDs##
A list of currently supported information from sources. Add any of
them as an *id* attribute for a tag in your theme file.

ID             | Info
-------------- | -----------------
cpu_name       |  The CPU's name                                 
cpu_usage      | The total usage of the CPU in percentages      
cpu_arch       | The CPU's architecture                         
cpu_vendor     | The CPU vendor eg. Intel, AMD                  
cpu_num_cores  | The number of physical cores                
mem_free       | The amount of free memory in KB                
mem_used       | The amount of used memory in KB                
mem_swap_total | The amount of swap memory in KB                
mem_total      | The total amount of physical memory available  
os_name        | The name of the OS eg. linux or windows        
os_distro_name | The distribution name (*Linux only*)       
os_uptime      | The total amount of time since last boot 



#####If a 'main.html' file does not exist in the config directory cysboard will start with a default theme.#####
